=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 12=
=I Only Believed You'd Love Me=
Why...
Why?
Ying Du,
it really was you.
Why?
Why would you do this?
Zhaoli,
from the moment I learned
you were the Saintess,
I knew this was the fate set for us.
You should never have fallen for me.
I never once believed in that fate.
I only believed you'd never hurt me
and you'd be kind to my grandmother
because you loved me.
Now, your heart holds resentment.
That's how it should be.
Ying Du!
Grandmother.
It was my fault.
I should've trusted your words.
If I had believed you,
you wouldn't have died, Grandmother.
No one else would have died.
I was wrong.
It was all my fault.
Ying Du,
I'll take his life myself.
I'll kill him with my own hands.
Grandmother,
I'll surely avenge you.
(I heard that girls)
(tend to adore such little trinkets.)
(I suppose Zhaoli would like them too.)
I hadn't even gone looking for you,
yet you came to me on your own.
It was you who used Ye Li
to strike against Zhaoli, wasn't it?
Right.
Ye Li's obsessive love for you
is the sharpest blade
I can wield over her.
You're too dangerous
for Zhaoli.
I'll rid her of this threat.
Why aren't you resisting?
Because
my goal is already achieved.
Zhaoli.
Che.
Zhaoli,
do not trust him again.
Che!
Let me go!
You killed Che.
You'd kill me
for him?
Yes.
That's the Saintess's power.
You can't heal on your own.
Zhaoli,
why are you treating me this way?
You've never looked at me
like that before.
I hate you!
You killed Che!
You killed Grandmother!
Zhaoli, it wasn't me.
Ying Du,
if I hadn't gone looking
for the Bracelet
or made that deal with Ye Li,
I never would've met you.
If I hadn't met you,
Grandmother and Che
might still be alive and well.
All of this was my fault.
I've failed them!
Zhaoli!
- As expected,
- Zhaoli.
we still couldn't escape...
We couldn't escape
our fate.
This.
This little trinket.
Do you like it?
Zhaoli.
Your grandmother
guards you most in this world.
How could I ever harm her?
As long as you stay with me,
I'll do anything you ask.
If it were possible,
I wish
that we'd never
meet again.
No!
Zhaoli!
Zhaoli.
Ying Du,
in the end, I'm the one who won.
The time has come.
Once she's gone,
your journey ends as well.
I'll take over your body
and become the new Ying Du.
Zhaoli,
I won't let you die.
He...
He's channeling all his power
to awaken the Bracelet
and turn back time.
He's risking his life!
Zhaoli!
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪